# Eyantra-Project-2019-
Droughts affect a large population in India. Out of the total geographical area in India almost one-sixth area with 12% of the population is drought prone. Areas that receive an annual rainfall upto 60 cm are drought prone.   In 2016, due to two consecutive years of low rainfall, 10 states in India faced drought conditions affecting more than a quarter of population. With summers hitting the country, a noticeable number of families and farmers in remote villages walk long distances to spot water as their wells got dried up.   Drought also affect flora and fauna, having an adverse effect on both.   In order to outline the problem of droughts in India, e-Yantra Robotics Competition ( eYRC - 2018) introduces the theme “Thirsty Crow”.   All of us are familiar with the story of the “Crow and the Water Pitcher”. In this theme, we aim to bring that story alive using Augmented Reality.   In this theme an arena representing a drought stricken field is given in which there are special markers placed at strategic locations. One of these markers represent a water pitcher and the other markers represent pebbles. There is a robot deployed in the arena which signifies the crow. The objective of the theme is to program the robot in such a way that the crow visits each of the pebbles and drops them off one by one in the water pitcher.   Simultaneously the story comes to life on a screen where 3D images of water pitcher, pebbles etc. will be superimposed on the markers in the arena.   Challenges in this theme consist of AVR programming, Path Planning, Pick and Place mechanism. The AR aspect of the theme will involve Image Processing, Blender Model Creation and OpenGL.
